# Candidate
- Alexandre Karpov
- Microsoft, Amazon
- Interest in Erlang/Elixir
- Interest in Ops
- https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandre-karpov-2963902/

# Online Analytical Processing (OLAP)
- Mat had POC of Elixir code for building our own indexes
- Still need a custom reporting solution
- Spending effort "rebuilding" OLAP solutions
- Druid DB can recalculate OEE (post-aggregations)
- Has multiple Opensource "Kibana" equivalents
  - Customers can use sql for reporting.

# Backlog Grooming
- Current State: Brent decides what we're doing
- Tickets are spread across multiple customers
- Need product team to prioritize items into a unified backlog
- We can try to tackle small bugs affecting eg John K

# Movement Toward Agile
- Need a long term view of how we're going to work
- Need a backlog to run sprints
- Start with Release Planning
  - Document and version release
  - Cut test script with integration testing
  - Hit definition of Done
^ Mike and Yemi can aid in the test efforts

# Knowledge Transfer
- Need to move Ruby knowledge
- Need to move support knowledge
- VPN access missing for multiple sites
- People should feel okay logging on the boxes

# Knowledge Transfer
- Give some of the rails tasks to Criag/Jason
- Leave them to complete the task without input

# Deployments
- Brent wants people to start handling deploys

# Support/On-Call Rotation
- Need to do this

# Where are the logs for victor and eaglebend?
- Fixed and documented the support document. Added notes for eaglebend.

# Get the status of all of the customers in that spreadsheet
We're pretty close. It needs Brent's time

# Items to Do (added to the wall/github)
- Reporting: Needs to get done
- Deco: Notifications need the UI
- LMV: Spec for Preventative Maintenance. Aidane will provide the spec and try to buy some time for LMV.
- Kamtek: BRENT
  - Vet the action plans are coming off properly in test env. Brent said it might need a change. 
  - Proper association between serial numbers and JSNs. 
  - They should be able to put in a CMS serial number and get back a list of JSNs.
- State Monitor TODOs
  - Reclassifying downtime (THIS WILL NOT BE DONE)
  - Alert on the metrics
  - Classification Issues(0 duration cycles)
  - Priority of Stacked Items

